Other than the service, I got virtually no initial training for any of
the jobs. I learned what I learned in college I learned what I learned
from getting through life and I apply those lessons. A lot of the
other training I've done, I've done on my own and I it's stood me
in good stead so far. Virtually all the computer programming I know
I've learned by buying a book and doing it that way. That was even true
in the practice of law to some degree, the biggest case I ever won
in the practice of law was a jury trial and I just bought a book
on how to try this particular kind of case it was a criminal felony,
how to try criminal felonies in a jury trial and I read the book and
I did it, and we won. So a very interesting way to get through life.
Of course most corporations and universities have some kind of introductory
training, but they basically speaking they just as soon get
hit the ground with your feet running and then you'll be off after
the real goals.